In this section we will add the Active Directory Domain Services(ADDS) role to the Windows Server.

Bring up the Server Manager dashboard and choose the option to "Add roles and features"
The first screen is a confirmation screen, asking you to verify three points. Read through this and
confirm you meet the requirements. They're basic settings and should already be configured by this
point.

The next screen will ask if the installation is role-based or a remote desktop service. In this case
for ADDS it is role-based.

The next screen will allow you to choose the correct server. In this case, we should have only one 
server available to choose from. You can confirm it is the right server by checking the IP Address
and seeing if it matches the IP we changed it to in the previous section. (172.16.0.1)
(insert SS)

Then it will ask you to choose the role you should like to install.
We are installing the Active Directory Domain Services role, check the box and choose next, then
"add feature". The next screen is additional option for the server. For this tutorial press next, as
everything is set-up how it should be for this. And next on the following screen as well.(insert SS).
(I will cover many of these options later in the tutorial.)

Then install. :)

At the top you should see an exclamation point at the top of the dashboard.
This will allow you to promote the domain controller. For this tutorial we are going to "add a new
forest". (I will try to cover the other two options in future tutorials)

Choose a root domain for ADDS. This will be the FQDN that you will connect to, internally and externally.
I am choosing ADLabDC.local for this project.
(insert SS)

Then a DSRM password, which we will not be using, but is required. Since this is a sandbox example,
choose the same password throughout the tutorial so it is easier to remember. NEVER do thi in real life
scenarios though. Click next through the follwing screens and it will confirm all prerequisities and
configure and install ADDS.
(insert SS)

In the next section we will...

